  .-------------------------------.
  |  PROACTIVE COMPUTER SECURITY  |
  |    Spring 2014, DIKU          |
  '-------------------------------'

= Absalon

You should have access to the course site on Absalon.  If not, contact a
lecturer or TA immediately.

Announcements and teaching material will be made available through Absalon, so
be sure to check for updates regularly.

You will be required to hand in Weekly assignments will through Absalon as well.

If you have any questions please use the Absalon discussion forum.


= Weekly assignments

There will be one weekly obligatory assignment.  You will be required to
individually solve and hand in your solution at the end of the week.

Each assignment will be graded 'passed' or 'not passed'.  If an assignment is
'not passed' one extra week will be given to resubmit that assignment (except
the final one; see below).

To resubmit an assignment a proper attempt at a solution must have been made and
handed in before the original deadline.  What constitutes a 'proper attempt'
will be decided by the teachers.

The first 6 assignments are 'ordinary assignments' of which at least 4 must be
'passed'.

The 7th and final assignment is larger than the others (roughly double the size)
and must be 'passed'.  It will not be possible to resubmit the final assignment,
so get it right the first time!


= Re-exam

Students who do not fulfill the goals outlined above will be able to attend a
re-exam.  The student will be required to hand in solutions to 7 assignments
resembling the ones given during the course.  At least 4 out of the 6 ordinary
and the final assignment must be 'passed'.


= Lectures

Lectures will be held in Lille UP1 on Mondays from 10:15 to 12:00, except
otherwise noticed.

*NOTE* Because of Easter the first lecture will be postponed from Monday 21st to
Tuesday 22nd, 13:15 to 15:00.


= Lab classes

Lab classes will be held in room 1-0-04 (group 1) and room 1-0-10 (group 2) on
Tuesdays 13:00 to 15:00, except otherwise noticed.

You can decide which group (1 or 2) you want to be in, but try to put an even
load on the two TAs.

*NOTE* Because of Easter the first lab class will be postponed from Tuesday 22nd
to Friday 25nd, 10:15 to 12:00.


= Virtual Machine

If you are reading this text you probably managed to boot up the virtual
machine.  God job!

If not, you should either:
 1. Contact your TA and get that VM working.
 2. Run your own Linux based system.  We can not guarantee that everything will
    work on your system, so you should be able to resolve problems, yourself.

The material for each week is password protected.  Each week we will disclose a
password on Absalon.  To decrypt the material for a given week, say week 3, run
this in a terminal (make sure that you are in the ~/Desktop/handout folder):
  ./unpack.sh 3

Each weeks material unpacks into it's own folder.  It will contain reading
material, exercises and the weekly assignment.


--
Have fun!
